diary/roy/DEVDIARY.md, before:

# Development Diary
This is a *template* for your dev diary in PS2.
Feel free to edit as you see fit e.g., based on your progress updates, hurdles encountered and circumnvented.
Make sure to log one comprehensive update per student, per each week of our teaching term.
Please, get in touch with teaching staff for any questions around this or otherwise post on Microsoft Teams.

# Mandatory Student's contributions
Please, specify your individual contributions to the project **as a percentage**. 
Default is a *25% contribution for each student*. However, please modify as necessary, if that is not the case.

# Development Diary Activities
Please, report your key activities in each week this assignment is running.  

**Week 1**
-tested with designs of various buildings that will be used in the village
-made code for basic fountain that will be used to supplement areas in the village, based on players position and will be made modular later
-made code for a second variation of a park
-tested creating modules with a 'park' class, after the reorganisation of files from MATT

**Week 2**

.....
.....
.....

**Week 3**

.....
.....
.....

Commit message:

working misc random builder function

diary/roy/DEVDIARY.md, after:

# Development Diary
This is a *template* for your dev diary in PS2.
Feel free to edit as you see fit e.g., based on your progress updates, hurdles encountered and circumnvented.
Make sure to log one comprehensive update per student, per each week of our teaching term.
Please, get in touch with teaching staff for any questions around this or otherwise post on Microsoft Teams.

# Mandatory Student's contributions
Please, specify your individual contributions to the project **as a percentage**. 
Default is a *25% contribution for each student*. However, please modify as necessary, if that is not the case.

# Development Diary Activities
Please, report your key activities in each week this assignment is running.  

**Week 1**
-tested with designs of various buildings that will be used in the village
-made code for basic fountain that will be used to supplement areas in the village, based on players position and will be made modular later
-made code for a second variation of a park
-tested creating modules with a 'park' class, after the reorganisation of files from MATT

**Week 2**
finished the basic misc objects, making them suitable for main function to use
errors occured when changing code, meaning i had to spend a lot of time changing things
.....
.....
.....

**Week 3**

.....
.....
.....
