village_generator/construction/building/property/README.md, before:

# Property

This is the README file for the property subpackage.

1. Usage
2. Testing

## Usage

1. Instantiate architect
2. Give property specs to architect

### Instantiate Property object

```python
import property.architect as arch

architect = arch.Jin()      # or architect = arch.Architect()
```

### Give property specs to architect

Give the architect the Vec3 co-ordinates of the corner with least x and least z for an area of 15 by 15 block dimensions, the orientation of the property, the theme for the property and mc object.

```python
architect.give_specs(location_v3: v.Vec3, orientation: int, theme: str, mc: minecraft.Minecraft)
```

The property will now be generated randomly.

> Properties can be accessed through `architect.properties` or `architect.builder.properties`


## Testing

> If using vscode, open the `property` folder and not any other root directory.

1. Open server connection
2. Open minecraft and connect to server
3. Run `$ python3 architect.py 0`

> sys.argv[0] used to test for orientation - 0 or 1 or 2 or 3.

Commit message:

make note of only medi theme being available atm

village_generator/construction/building/property/README.md, after:

# Property

This is the README file for the property subpackage.

1. Usage
2. Testing

## Usage

1. Instantiate architect
2. Give property specs to architect

### Instantiate Property object

```python
import property.architect as arch

architect = arch.Jin()      # or architect = arch.Architect()
```

### Give property specs to architect

Give the architect the Vec3 co-ordinates of the corner with least x and least z for an area of 15 by 15 block dimensions, the orientation of the property, the theme for the property and mc object.

```python
architect.give_specs(location_v3: v.Vec3, orientation: int, theme: str, mc: minecraft.Minecraft)
```

> Note: Only 'medi' theme will generate a property at this stage.

The property will now be generated randomly.

> Properties can be accessed through `architect.properties` or `architect.builder.properties`


## Testing

> If using vscode, open the `property` folder and not any other root directory.

1. Open server connection
2. Open minecraft and connect to server
3. Run `$ python3 architect.py 0`

> sys.argv[0] used to test for orientation - 0 or 1 or 2 or 3.
